In this lecture, we are going to finish our discussion of colors by modifying borders.
Most blocs support borders by default.
These blocks will disable border settings.
Therefore, we need to take extra steps to enable this feature before changing the colour.
To get started, open the theme dot json file.
The settings for configuring borders can be tricky.
The process is slightly different from other settings.
First things first we need to enable the border settings.
We can enable borders through the settings object.
Inside this object, add an object called border.
Borders are more complicated than other properties.
A border has a style, width, colour and radius.
WordPress gives us the option of modifying all border properties.
Alternatively, we can have partial support for borders.
For example, lets enable all border settings inside the border object.
Add the following properties colour, radius, style and width.
The value for these properties is booleans.
By default, they're all false.
In our example, we're turning them on.
Keep in mind, a block has to support border settings before testing our configuration.
Let's add some default styles for our borders.
To mix things up, let's modify the border settings for the pull quote block.
Scroll to the style section inside the blocks object.
We can add our block with the name core slash pull quote.
Next we can add the border object to begin adding styles.
As a reminder, we are modifying the styles.
The options for styles are different than the options for changing the settings.
We can't enable or disable the border settings from this object.
The property names are going to be similar, but they require different values.
If you want to enable border settings for a specific block, you must do it from the settings object.
Inside the border object, we're going to modify all border styles.
First, let's set the width property to two x.
Afterward set the radius property to ten x.
Next set the style property to solid.
Lastly, let's set the colour property to the WP preset color u primary variable.
As you can tell, the values for these properties must be valid.
CSS values.
Time to test our code in your browser.
Try adding the code block to the template.
After adding this block, our default stylings have been applied.
If users don't like the styles, that's perfectly fine.
The border settings are freely modifiable from the sidebar by enabling all border settings.
Users can modify the width, color, style and radius of a border.
Finally, we're finished with the color settings.
WordPress provides us with dozens of options for modifying the colors of a theme from global level settings
to block specific settings.
Hopefully, you will be able to leverage these options for your themes.
Now that we finished working with Colors, let's move our discussion to typography settings.